[DOCS] Update Use Great Expectations with Amazon Web Services using Athena (#8406)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/setup/installation/components_local/_create_an_venv_with_pip.mdx

After you have confirmed that Python 3 is installed locally, you can create a virtual environment with `venv` before installing your packages with `pip`.

In the following examples, `venv` is used for virtual environments because it is included with Python 3. You can use alternate tools such as virtualenv and pyenv to install GX in virtual environments.

> Run one of the following commands to create your virtual environment:

Author: ```suggestion
Run one of the following code blocks to create your virtual environment:
```

python3 -m venv my_venv
```

A new directory named `my_venv` is created in your virtual environment. 

> Run the following command to activate the virtual environment:

Author: ```suggestion
Run the following code to activate the virtual environment:
```
